fetch existing dns records (#140)
containeroo/cloudflare-operator: docs/content/installation.md

kubectl apply -f https://github.com/containeroo/cloudflare-operator/releases/download/v0.3.2/crds.yaml
```

!!! error "PROCEED WITH CAUTION"

>     Because cloudflare-operator should be the single source of truth, __ALL__ existing `A`, `AAAA` and `CNAME` DNS Records in the given Cloudflare Zone will be __ DELETED__ if there is no corresponding `DNSRecord` object in Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Because cloudflare-operator should be the single source of truth, __ALL__ existing `A`, `AAAA` and `CNAME` DNS records in the given Cloudflare zone will be __ DELETED__ if there is no corresponding `DNSRecord` object in Kubernetes.
```

1. Create preexisting `DNSRecords`

> See [operations](operations.md#existing-cloudflare-dns-records)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a script available to convert preexisting Cloudflare DNS records to Kubernetes `DNSRecord` objects. Learn more [here](operations.md#existing-cloudflare-dns-records).
```
